kafka replay speed: dynamic ingestion concurrency (#9739)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

  # When enabled, the fetch request MaxBytes field is computed using the
  # compressed size of previous records. When disabled, MaxBytes is computed

>   # using uncompressed bytes. Different Kafka implementations-max interpret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # using uncompressed bytes. Different Kafka implementations-max values interpret
```

  # MaxBytes differently.
  # CLI flag: -ingest-storage.kafka.use-compressed-bytes-as-fetch-max-bytes
  [use_compressed_bytes_as_fetch_max_bytes: <boolean> | default = true]

  # The maximum number of concurrent ingestion streams to the TSDB head. Every

>   # tenant has their own set of str-maxeams. 0 to disable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # tenant has their own set of str-maxeams. Set to 0 to disable.
```

Reviewer 2: 0 to disable is [very common](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Agrafana%2Fmimir%200%20to%20disable&type=code) among config flags - I'd like to err on consistency.

  # CLI flag: -ingest-storage.kafka.ingestion-concurrency-max
  [ingestion_concurrency_max: <int> | default = 0]

  # The number of timeseries to batch together before ingesting to the TSDB

>   # head. This is only used when -ingest-storage.kafka.ingestion-concurrency-max

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # head. This is only used when the `-ingest-storage.kafka.ingestion-concurrency-max` setting
```

Reviewer 2: This is auto generated based on the config flag text so we can't use backticks for markdown.

Reviewer: Sorry, this was my oversight!

>   # head. This is only used when -ingest-storage.kafka.ingestion-concurrency-max

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # head. Only use this setting when -ingest-storage.kafka.ingestion-concurrency-max
```

  # is greater than 0.
  # CLI flag: -ingest-storage.kafka.ingestion-concurrency-batch-size
  [ingestion_concurrency_batch_size: <int> | default = 150]

>   # The number of batches that will be prepared and queued to ingest to the TSDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # The number of batches to prepare and queue to ingest to the TSDB
```

Reviewer: This avoids passive voice and future tense.

  # head. This is only used when -ingest-storage.kafka.ingestion-concurrency-max
  # is greater than 0.
  # CLI flag: -ingest-storage.kafka.ingestion-concurrency-queue-capacity
  [ingestion_concurrency_queue_capacity: <int> | default = 5]

>   # The ideal number of times we expect to ingest timeseries to the TSDB head

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # The expected number of times to ingest a timeseries to the TSDB head
```

>   # after batching, with fewer flushes, the overhead of splitting up the work is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # after batching. With fewer flushes, the overhead of splitting up the work is
```

Reviewer: I think it's more clear to divide this sentence into two separate sentences. Let me know if this preserves the meaning. Otherwise, we can try something different.

>   # higher than the benefit of parallelization. This is only used when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # higher than the benefit of parallelization. Only use this setting when
```

  # -ingest-storage.kafka.ingestion-concurrency-max is greater than 0.
  # CLI flag: -ingest-storage.kafka.ingestion-concurrency-target-flushes-per-shard
  [ingestion_concurrency_target_flushes_per_shard: <int> | default = 80]

>   # The number of bytes we estimate a sample will have on ingestion, this used
>   # estimate to estimate number of time series without decompressing them. This
>   # is only used when -ingest-storage.kafka.ingestion-concurrency-max is greater

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # The estimated number of bytes a sample has on ingestion. This value is used to
  # estimate the number of time series without decompressing them. Only use this
  # setting when -ingest-storage.kafka.ingestion-concurrency-max is greater
```

Reviewer: I tried to clear this part of a but, but let me know if the meaning is changed.

Reviewer 2: I think it's ok, you want to take a second look?

Reviewer: It looks good to me!
